Upgrade guide - container nodepool (#8969)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/guides/version_5_upgrade.html.markdown

This unsupported field was introduced incorrectly. It is now removed.

## Resource: `google_container_node_pool`

### `logging_variant` no longer has a provider default value

> Previously `logging_variant` defaulted to "DEFAULT". It no longerhas a default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously `logging_variant` defaulted to "DEFAULT". It no longer has a default value.
```

Author: Nice catch, thank you!
